docs: Fixed examples within Loki and Promtail docs (#6591)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/installation/simple-scalable-helm.md

    helm repo add grafana https://grafana.github.io/helm-charts
    ```

> 2. Update the chart repository:

Author: Very cool! I wasn't aware of that thanks for the guidance :)

        helm upgrade --install loki --namespace=loki grafana/loki-simple-scalable
        ```

    - Deploy with added custom configuration with an overrides yaml file, useful for overriding many values:

        ```bash
        helm upgrade --install loki grafana/loki-simple-scalable --values {PATH_TO_OVERRIDES_VALUES_FILE}
        ```

    - Deploy with added custom configuration, useful for overriding a small amount of values:

        ```bash
        helm upgrade --install loki grafana/loki-simple-scalable --set "key1=val1,key2=val2,..."
        ```

> You can find examples of deploying Loki and Grafana Enterprise Logs within the [docs folder of the Simple Scalable Chart](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/loki-simple-scalable/docs/examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find deployment examples at [https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/loki-simple-scalable/docs/examples](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/loki-simple-scalable/docs/examples).
```

    - {{ .Values.ingress.host }}
```

## Run Promtail within Kubernetes as a Daemonset

> In order to run Promtail within Kubernetes to gather logs from each nodes it's recommended you start with the example within the [Promtail installation docs](../../clients/promtail/installation/#daemonset-recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run Promtail within Kubernetes to gather logs from each node, start with the [Promtail installation](../../clients/promtail/installation/#daemonset-recommended) documentation example.
```
